you
hello and welcome back to the origins
summer preview 2015 I'm Eric summer with
scott from whiz kids and we've got some
exciting news in the heroclix line
exciting news I I know that you know
often cover heroclix but when something
like this comes along we just want to
come and share it with it with the dice
I'll eat it on a little bit let's start
at the beginning what do we got all
right so we just made an announcement
here it's a big announcement for the
show just went out this morning that we
are working with Nickelodeon to work on
the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles product
lines for not only zero clicks but also
for dice masters and we have some
exclusive figures no one's ever seen
these 14 to show off and we'll be
putting them in the display case over
the course of the over the weekend but
just wanted to come over and share with
the audience here to take a look for
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles not only
heroclix but dice masters products and
while you're looking at heroclix we've
got some other items here this year has
been sort of the the year of the
Avengers for us we've had some wonderful
DC heroclix releases with the Justice
League Trinity war set and then coming
up late in the year in the fall we have
we have another sack coming out but this
summer has been all about the Avengers
for us which has started with the
business assemble set in May and then we
have a Nick Fury agent of shield set
that is coming out okay in the end of
it's coming out in July and lie and in
between we've had an organized play
series that is based on age of Ultron
and the grand prize for that is the
Avengers Quinjet Wow
and then in each of these through the
organized play in randomly inserted into
these packs and then also through promos
and even at conventions here we have
these Avengers ID cards okay which are
not only cool just as a collectible if
you want to check them out it's a nice
like credit card material okay yeah but
has game flight to it's on the back of
the rules you can actually call in the
character for a turn so you know if
you've got the Doctor Strange card even
if you're not playing doctor strange on
your team organic can play doctor
strange on your on your side line and
then bring him in for a turn with this
car so it has a gameplay aspect plus
it's just just really cool to have each
of them each Avenger and then there's a
code on the bottom two is that unlock
something the code on the bottom we have
we actually just put up on our whiz kids
event system achievements so there is
achievements for collecting all of the
different cards so you put in the code
it's each each is unique to each card
and then it'll keep track of your
collection and then we also have
achievements for how many events you
play in and this goes not only for
heroclix but for dice masters for attack
weighing all of our game platforms so
look for the whiz kids event system it's
great way to find stores near you to
play wiz kids games and meet other folks
as well and be able to track your
progress and we're actually doing now
leaderboards as well so you can even see
how you stack up against other players
Wow Scott thank you i'm just going to
jot down this code and i'll give this
back in a second thank you for a while a
photo thanks guys thank you thanks so
much for watching the dice tower videos
find more great videos and reviews as
well
our top rated audio podcast at dice
tower calm